welcome to the John Tavares show he is
the most anticipated Canadian draft
picks in Sidney Crosby expected to go
first overall in this year's draft but
not so long ago the critics weren't so
sure people talked about my skating and
the way I played away from the parking
and things like that but I never thought
my skating held me back in any way I
mean I wasn't going to you know causal
anyone with my speed but i don't think i
ever held me back and i always thought
you know the last two years i was much
better defensively than what everybody
thought it seems absurd for a player who
at 14 changed the rules to play Major
Junior when given special status as an
exceptional player but last summer
Taveras knew he had to change his
approach well I was worn down and I was
tired in a lot and a lot of things so I
knew that someone was a big summer for
me coming into a big year to change a
lot of things you know not only on the
ice but like you said off the I used to
really focus on you know you know
sleeping while eating Walton carrier
body and doing all the right things and
the change in conditioning has certainly
paid off this young man is exceptional
he's learned so much you know when your
wildest dreams what's the crust on the
front of the sweater it doesn't matter
like I said from before I mean dreams to
playing the National Hockey League and
you know ever since maybe I was a little
kid I was always toronto toronto toronto
but more as you grow up and learning you
see everyone and and where they are and
how successful they are in certain areas
of the game and you know i just can't
wait to be part of a franchise that
feels i can be a piece of the puzzle
hopefully win a Stanley Cup and while
Tavares says it doesn't matter what team
he plays for in the NHL it is no secret
who's at the top of brian burke's wish
list the Leafs general manager calling
Taveras a player who was dominated at
every level he is the OHL all-time
leading goal scorer and in 247 regular
season games he's put up 433 points
corrie warren TSN toronto